---
title: Contextual Inquiry Check-in
layout: page
---

For our first contextual inquiry, we observed Daphne, a freshman at Williams College. Before we started, she told us that she has only been to WCMA once before, considers herself a museum novice, and has ADHD.  We observed her for 30 minutes as she explored WCMA, taking notes on her verbal thoughts and travel patterns through the museum. Throughout the contextual inquiry, we asked questions that explored why she made certain decisions and at what level she was engaging with the art. We also asked questions that tried to gauge her satisfaction with the visit and how she felt about her level of engagement with the art, such as whether she was satisfied with not knowing certain things about the works she was viewing. We discovered that for the pieces that interested her the most, she would follow up that engagement by searching for more relevant information via placards. However, she would often be dissatisfied by the content of the placard because they produced more questions than answers. For example, in one instance, she was confused by what the dates on the placard referred to. The only moments where she would try to interpret the art is if there was no relevant literature to explain what it actually was. Most of the time, she would end her interpretation of the art abruptly, seemingly frustrated that she “didn’t get it.” In one gallery where this happened, I asked her if she thought the wall of text at the front of the exhibit would explain some of the art and she audibly reacted with “I didn’t even see that!” This was because she started to explore the right side of the exhibit, while the explanation was on the left. She mentioned that her exploration patterns were a combination of her being right-hand dominant and wandering. Finally, there was a moment where she walked back and forth between two pieces of art because “they looked the same” and was wondering how they related to each other. 

We ended up learning a lot from our first contextual inquiry. We realized that having a second interviewer is preferable because it allows one person to build rapport with the subject, while the other user can focus on taking notes. Otherwise, if there is only one interviewer, their attention is mainly spent on taking haphazard notes.  One strategy that I implemented late into the interview is reiterating the subject’s comments and observations out loud so that the recording was able to archive these sporadic events and emotions. This strategy was helpful for filling in gaps when I revisited the recording. Next time, we will also try be careful to make sure that our interpretive comments don’t accidentally become leading questions. For example, there were many times where I meant to state my interpretation of their action like “You like this piece of art because it’s pleasing to look at,” but instead I phrased it like a question, “Do you like this piece of art because it’s pleasing to look at?” or “Why do you like this piece of art?” This subtle difference can actually be detrimental because it biases the response the subject gives. Finally, in the future I think we should tone down the rapport because in this case, part of the user’s engagement seemed to because she had company. She would ask us our opinions and/or seek our reactions to certain pieces. While I do think it’s useful to have the subject at ease so that they are more willing to share emotional reactions, the data gleaned might be more accurate if the presence of the researcher is mitigated.    
